this is the drawing nomination drill
calluses roll the Jack Jack's left on
the grain where it comes to rest and his
first ball is rolled to that position to
be considered for the one point scorer
that must finish within one map length
Karin is next on the map
she will also roll to the defame Jack
position and if she finishes within one
mat length the bowl that is closest to
the jack scores the point drawing to the
edge of the ditch now and must keep his
bowl with him down so he can still for
the point within one madly
see the ball coming in towards the jack
now slightly too much weight so karen
has a great opportunity here to within
one man length of the ditch within
bounds to score a point
girls now drawing Jack and to be
considered for one point must finish
with an amount thing
this is the nomination part of the drill
at this point calm who will be playing
the first ball the last two bowls to be
played nominates the shot that he's
going to do via hitting a bowl on a
drive out drawing another Bowl that's
close to the jack or drawing to the edge
of the ditch
whatever he nominates if he achieves he
receives a bonus point roll okay he's
going for jacking ditch
very close we try Karen your turn to
nominate old problem
drive at the black bowl to take the
black bowl out okay
and she's got it right off this drill is
designed to go for 40 minutes or six
ends whichever comes first
it's only a drill as a warm-up exercise
and gets the players into tactical
rolling of the jack some tactics
throughout the end and also a variety of
shots which assists with their game in
all aspects whether they're front-end or
back-end of the of the team